Filterx updates for 4.10 (#103)
axoflow/axosyslog-core-docs: content/filterx/function-reference.md

js_dict = [];
```

## keys

Returns the top-level keys of a dictionary. This provides a simple way to inspect or iterate over the immediate keys without traversing the structure. The `keys()` function:

- Returns a list of dictionary keys as an array.
- Includes only the top-level keys, ignoring nested structures.
- The resulting array supports immediate indexing for quick key retrieval.
- When called on an empty dictionary, `keys` returns an empty dictionary (`[]`).

For example:

```shell
dict = {"level1-key1":{"level2-key1":{"level3-key1":"value1"}},"level1-key2":{"level2-key2":{"level3-key2":"value2"}}};

# accessing the top level, returns: ["level1-key1", "level1-key2"]
a = keys(dict);

# accessing nested levels directly, returns: ["level2-key1"]
b = keys(dict["level1-key1"]);

# directly index the result of keys() to access specific keys is possible, returns: ["level1-key1"])
c = keys(dict)[0];
```

## len

Returns the number of items in an object as an integer: the length (number of characters) of a string, the number of elements in a list, or the number of keys in an object.

Usage: `len(object)`

## load_vars {#load-vars}

> Loads variables from a dict. It's the inverse of [`vars()`](#vars). It loads and declares FilterX-level variables. If a key in the dict begins with the `$` character, it's loaded as an {{< product >}} macro. This function can be used to transfer several variables between FilterX blocks, without having to declare them all as pipeline variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loads variables from a dict. It's the inverse of [`vars()`](#vars). It loads and declares FilterX-level variables. If a key in the dict begins with the `$` character, it's loaded as an {{< product >}} macro. This function can be used to transfer several variables between FilterX blocks on different log paths and messages.
```
